---
layout: page
title: "Accepting and Recording Donations"
category: Donations
date: 2017-10-28 16:15:43
order: 20
---

# Manually Record Mailed-In or In-Person Donations

You can manually record a donation that is mailed or handed over at the
box office, whether cash, check or credit card.

[Find or add (switch to) the customer](../customers/looking-up-a-customer.html) 
who mailed in or submits the donation.  Under the yellow customer
navbar, click "Record Donation..." and fill in the amount, date, and
account code for the donation.  For credit card donations, clicking the
"Credit Card" button will bring up a form for entering card details.

# Accept Donations Online

A URL of the form
`https://audience1st.com/`_your-venue-name_`/donate_to_fund/XXXX`, where
`XXXX` is an Account Code string, will land the patron on a "donate by
credit card" page such that the donation will be credited to the
corresponding Account Code.

If `XXXX` does not correspond to any existing Account Code, the default
Account Code for donations (see [First-Time
Setup](first-time-setup.html)) will be used. 

If this page is viewed in Admin mode, a cash or check donation can be
recorded to the specific fund.  If viewed by a regular patron, the only
way to donate is via credit card. 

# Accept Donations With Ticket Purchases

The regular ticket/subscription sales flow includes an option to add a
donation to credit-card self-purchases.  You can control which account
code receives such donations 

# Editing Donations After the Fact

Any donation, whether self-made by a patron or entered by staff, can be
edited later (for example, to add a comment about how to use it, or to
properly backdate a donation that was entered many days after the check
was dropped off).  See [donation reporting](donation-reporting.html) to
look up and edit specific donations.

